Jack Lemmon is ex-president Kramer a
message from the president we go thanks
Jim Jim's off today sir I'm Bruce oh
sorry you and Jim look very much alike
Jim's black sir I know but you're both
tall James Garner is ex-president
Douglas I can't believe I just did it
with Matt Douglas
my mother has a commemorative plate with
your face on it apparently I'm
dishwasher safe dan aykroyd his current
president Amy so fast Carl
slow down I don't like people running
faster than I do makes me look pokey
Kramer and Douglas always ran against
each other let's talk about popularity
there was only one assassination attempt
on me you had three to the woman in
Phoenix doesn't count you have a starter
pistol stop but now President I'm afraid
of situations come up here it is they've
discovered a cover-up we've had that
buried for years of presidential to
portions somebody wants us dead when
they find out we're not they're going to
come looking for us and they're running
together
we'll go public without evidence of
people will believe us why because we're
presidents okay they won't believe us
let's stop talking we're about the bomb
that'll make me pop it Jack Lemmon I was
Time Magazine's Man of the Year so was
Hitler not twice James Garner give me a
sip oh yeah I'm about to share my coffee
with the Washington Love Machine you
could spit in a petri dish and start a
whole new civilization dan Aykroyd
vice-president Matthews going on this
thing yes sir well let's remind him that
these people are from the Netherlands
not the nether regions John heard as the
vice president and Lauren Bacall it's a
crock and we both know it kick in the
sorry sweetie lamp please I'm a
politician's wife I have a set of my own
in a story about life liberty and the
pursuit of two presidents just blend in
just blend in this is amazing not really
we march through these things all the
time
are you coming out no no I'm not coming
out he is oh my god he squeezed from my
breasts again my fellow Americans
[Music]